This exercise was very similar to the lesson,
with a slight twist in that you need to use
embedding column instead of an indicator column.
Let's walk through the instruction first and the code provided for you.
So one thing to note in the instructions,
is that you're asked to build a 10 dimensional embedding.
The provided code gives you the ETL for loading the dataset
and building the vocab file for the principle diagnosis code field.
So here we're loading the dataset and converting it to a TensorFlow dataset.
This should be review and then building the vocab files.
Here are the functions that I provided for you.
Now we can go to solution.
Most of this is similar to the lesson.
We create a directory for where we will store the vocabulary files,
then we use the functions provided to build the vocabulary files.
Next, we create a vocab that goes to the embedding feature.
So we use the TensorFlow feature column API to read from that vocab file,
using a similar method that we went over in the lesson.
Next, we go to actually building the embedding.
The key difference here is that we need to provide
the number of dimensions for the embedding that we will create.
So we take the vocabulary that we created and then we pass it
into the embedding column here and we create the embedding.
So now that we create the embedding,
we can take a look at a sample of the output.
You can see that for a given vector,
there are 10 values there and this represents the 10 dimensions that we selected.
This exercise should have been a good review of what we covered so
far and hopefully the vocabulary file functions made it simpler for you.